Add 1.20.2 releasenotes (#14438)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.20.x/announcing-1.20.2/index.md

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.20.2
linktitle: 1.20.2
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.20.2 patch release.

> publishdate: 2024-01-08

Author: ```suggestion
publishdate: 2024-01-09
```

release: 1.20.2
---

This release note describes what’s different between Istio 1.20.1 and 1.20.2.

{{< relnote >}}

## Changes

> - **Added** configurable scaling behavior for Gateway HPA in helm chart

Reviewer: Maybe expand HPA:
```suggestion
- **Added** configurable scaling behavior for Gateway `HorizontalPodAutoscaler` in the helm chart.
```
